Document Android controls (#13061)
minetest/minetest: doc/Android.md

**Document based on Minetest `5.6.1` Android build**
# Minetest: Android version

> Minetest for Android are the same Minetest on Windows but compiled for Android, not seperate version

Reviewer: You mention the "Android version" and yet "no separate version".
I'd just remove this sentence. If there were another repository, it would be necessary to link it appropriately pretty much everywhere.

## Controls
The Android port doesn't support everything you can do on PC due to the
limited capabilities of common devices. What can be done is described
below:

> While you're playing the game normally (that is, no menu or inventory is
> shown), the following controls are available:
> * Look around: touch screen and slide finger
> * double tap: place a node
> * long tap: dig node or use the holding item
> * touch buttons: press button
> * Buttons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In regular gameplay, the controls are as follows:

* Look around: swiping
* double tap: performs a "place" action which includes placing nodes
* long tap: performs a "punch" action which includes digging nodes

**Buttons:**
```

Author: i think i will create a seperate doc for technical stuff, like instead of "Press back" i will use "KEY_BACK"

also Android have some "legacy" arrow key exist since Android device have physical arrow button, is Minetest use this as move key too?

Reviewer: Which arrow button/key are you referring to?
Regardless on whether it is an internal workaround or an actual key, there's no key remapping on Android, hence  I don't think that it needs further elaboration in this document.

Author: oh that key are called dpad keycode keyevent

1. left upper corner: chat
2. right lower corner: jump
3. right lower corner: crouch
4. left lower corner (Joystick): walk/step...

> 5. left lower corner: display inventory

Reviewer: You could inline the actual images here (see textures/base/pack) for better understanding.

When a menu or inventory is displayed:

> * double tap outside menu area: close menu

Reviewer: Phones with a back-button can use that to close the menu.

* tap on an item stack: select that stack
* tap on an empty slot: if you selected a stack already, that stack is placed here
* drag and drop: touch stack and hold finger down, move the stack to another
  slot, tap another finger while keeping first finger on screen
  --> places a single item from dragged stack into current (first touched) slot. If a stack is selected, the stack will be split as half and one of the splitted stack will be selected
### Limitaions
* Android player have to double tap to place node, this can be annoying in some game/mod
* Some old Android device only support 2 touch at a time, some game/mod contain button combination that need 3 touch (example: jump + Aux1 + hold)
* Complicated control like pick up an cart in MTG can be difficult or impossible on Android device
## File Path
There are some settings especially useful for Android users. Minetest's config
file can usually be found at:

* old version (Before 5.4.2): ``/sdcard/Minetest/`` or ``/storage/emulated/0/`` if stored in device, if stored in SD card: ``/storage/emulated/(varying folder name)/``

> * new version (After 5.4.2): ``/sdcard/Android/data/net.minetest.minetest/`` or ``/storage/emulated/0/Android/data/net.minetest.minetest/`` if stored in device, if stored in SD card: ``/storage/emulated/(varying folder name)/Android/data/net.minetest.minetest/``

Reviewer: 1. "new" is quickly outdated, hence prefer to write "Before X.Y.Z" and "After X.Y.Z"
2. Use separate listing points for each path to be reader-friendlier
3. Insert newlines before new headings to make the plaintext version easier to read
